:memo: [#405] Add deprecation WARNING to the objecten Helm chart (#408)
maykinmedia/charts: charts/objecten/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

**⚠️ Deprecated ⚠️**

- With the release of Open Object `4.0`, the new `openobject` Helm chart was

>   introduced and should be used for all Open Object `4.0` and later deployments.

Reviewer: I think?
```suggestion
  introduced and should be used for Open Object `4.0` and later versions.
```

>   This chart is only supported for Open Object versions up to and including **3.6.x**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This chart is only supported for Objecten API versions up to and including **3.6.x**.
```
